[Music]
hey what's up guys today i am going to
sum up a movie named i am legend
2007. at the start of i'm legend movie
we see an interview of dr
aired on tv this lady doctor was telling
the public that we have found cancer
treatment
when interviewer asks how many patients
you have treated so far
then the doctor named ellis replies
about 10 susan's people
and all of them were recovered which
means their treatment works 100
the interview is finished and the story
is shown after three years
here we see an american city named
manhattan
which was completely deserted many of
the cars were parked there but nobody
was present there
buildings were emptied there and no
human was seen
at the same time we see a red-coloured
coring which was coming in real
speed will smith who is the main hero of
the movie was there in car along with
his dog
we see that they were hunting deer in
while driving speedily
deer was running speedily and they were
following him
after a lot of struggle when they were
about to hunt the deer lioness appears
and she snatches the deer and hunts it
if will smith had wanted he would have
killed lioness and could hunt the deer
but he ignores it as evening prevails
and his arm watch alarms
the purpose of alarm was that he had to
reach home and ignore everything
and should reach the home definitely
will smith had to reach home because as
no humans were present in the city
but many of the mutants were present in
the city
in this film mutants were named as dark
seekers
these dark seekers only appear at night
as they can't bear light at the day
that's why will smith alarm rings and he
goes back to me
he has reached back home where he and
his dog take meal together
and they seal the home completely all
the doors were locked
and all the lights were kept off so the
dark seekers may not know the presence
of anybody
will smith loves his dog very much they
were sleeping in the same bathing tub
and many dark seekers were talking
outside now the movie goes to flashback
in the flashback of the story we see
will smith with his family
and he takes her daughter and wife to
the airport
will smith tells her wife to a range
meal of at least two weeks
and take out money from the atm and keep
it with yourself
he also tells his wife that army would
seal this area in an hour
her wife gets much worried and asks
whether this virus is spreading through
air
will smith had known nothing about but
he replies yes maybe it's true
and they reached to airport and see many
people were present over there
because everyone had to save their life
by moving towards the safe place outside
the city
but airport security allows only those
people who are not affected
so that this disease may not spread to
other cities
here we see that security people were
using unique kind of machinery
which can tell whether this person is
infected or not
will smith's child gets cleared from the
machine but his wife was badly infected
so the security stops will smith's wife
for going from there
now as will smith was senior officer he
asks for wife to let her go
and orders check his wife again the
machine clears her wife for the second
time
means the machine tells that she has no
virus
now she can travel to other city as will
smith was a senior officer so a
helicopter was arranged for his family
when the helicopter flies another
helicopter from the opposite side
was attacked by the dark seekers and the
other helicopter strikes the helicopter
of will smith's family after being
unbalanced
and both the helicopters crash at the
moment
all passengers inside the helicopters
die
in which his wife and son were included
now we see will smith was present in the
lab
making medicine for infected people
he was running different experiments
this lab also had many infected rats
inside so that to check and test the
medicine will smith was making
whether it works or not during
experiment he also analyzed whether the
rats given treatment previously occurred
or not
but during experiment it was concluded
that rats were not healing in fact very
aggressive
and the medicine was not working on them
during this problem will cease rat
who was sitting calmly and never
aggressive as other rats
will smith considers her medicine to be
working on that rat
because it didn't show any reaction he
decides that this is the right time
to run the experiment on humans so that
people could be saved from
the infection those who have changed to
dark seekers may be brought back to
humans
the story is returned to its original
where he is alone in manhattan
one thing he does regularly is that he
goes outside and sends
signals from fm radio that if any human
is listening to him and wants help
then i'm present i can provide meal and
shelter
he hopes that someone would listen to
him and contact him he believes that i'm
not alone here
someone else could be present here who
could listen to me and i would meet him
or he should
he also announces his availability on a
bridge at 12 p.m
and i will meet you there every day now
will smith sees another deer for hunting
he and his dog approaches near a room
while following the dog
there was much darkened there will smith
doesn't want go there but
his dog enters the darkened room as will
smith likes his dog very much
so he enters the darkened room for his
dog his gun had a light which was
helping him finding his dog
here he finds his dog and asks him to go
along with him to home
but his dog was too much scared and will
smith hears some voices from the room
when he looks around he sees dark seeker
means those mutants
before he attacks him will smith sieves
him with bullets
he takes his dog and tries to run while
other dark seekers listen him and follow
him
will smith is running to save his life
that a dark seeker appears
that he breaks out the window and jumps
to be saved from his attack
now as the window breaks the dark seeker
dies of light who was following him
as we have told before the dark seekers
can't face light so they don't
appear in light because they die as the
light appears
good news for will smith was that he
knew
dark seekers were present there he
thinks of capturing one dark seeker
which would help him testing against
them
so that i may develop a medicine as
early as possible
and could heal them now will smith makes
a trap sir as to capture the dark
seekers
he asks his dog to remain in the car as
he could be infected
here will smith doesn't talk about
himself as he was taking doses on daily
basis
so that he could be saved from infection
after a while he comes to know that a
dark seeker was trapped in a trap
now the dark seeker was under control of
will smith
but we see that a mutant appears from
that darkened room window
he shouts out loudly like he wanted to
take revenge from him
now will smith takes that mutant to his
lab and runs the same medicine on him
which he used for that rat the same rat
he thought was healing
he sees that dark seeker's breathing was
getting low
his heart rate starts to decrease and he
thinks as if he is healing
that mutant wakes up then he starts
shouting and becomes unconscious
will smith becomes hopeless the
treatment didn't work completely
here will smith makes video recording
and says the medicine i have developed
can work for me but cannot work for
those who are already affected
and i'm trying again and again so as to
recover those dark seekers
he also adds that when i was capturing
the dark seeker
one of them was staring at me while
staring he came into light which
couldn't affect him
it may be happening because they are
starving and changing their lifestyle
slowly slowly they are making themselves
habitual of sunlight
he was recording all this in video
conference
while living in an american city about
thousand days have been passed
one day he was out with his dog that his
feet get stuck in a trap
he becomes upside down in the air this
trap was made by the dark seekers
because dark seeker have ability to
think and understand
now will smith was hanging in air and
becomes unconscious there
this trap was made in the same way like
will smith made the other day
now the dark seekers have copied the
same and trapped will smith
after sometimes his alarm rings which
means evening is about to prevail
and his dog barks again and again so
that he could freed himself
and can go home because this time
belongs to the dark seekers and they
will not spare him if they reach
he wakes up and takes out the knife from
his pocket and cuts the rope
but while coming down that rope
penetrates into his feet
will smith approaches towards his car
with the dog and same dark seeker
appears
which appeared in light that dark seeker
also had two infected dogs
he orders his dogs to attack them both
though will smith kills both the dogs
but one dog bites his own dog he takes
his dog back to home and runs different
experiments what don't work on him he
cries a lot and kills his dog by moving
his neck
because now his dog had died and he was
alone as there was no other in the city
this was the most sad part of the story
will smith is sad now
so he doesn't come out of the daytime
rather he goes out at night time
so that he may kill all the dark seekers
and crush them
he was going in his speedy car and
crashes all the dark seeker which appear
and proceed further
he stucks at one point his car stops and
he experiences an accident
now will smith is injured and the same
dark seeker which came out in light
appears
so as to kill him basically this dark
seeker is the boss of every dark seeker
before he caused any damage to him an
intense light appears and all the dark
seekers
run away and hide in the darkness
as he had an accident so he was
unconscious
he hears off the voice where do you live
he tells his address
unconsciously when he wakes up he finds
his tv was on and a woman was there
along with his son
he gets surprised first then becomes
happy
she tells we heard your message on fm
we have come here after knowing your
location she says that we kept waiting
on the bridge you told us but you didn't
come today
and we saw you were captured between
mutants so we came to save you
she also tells will smith that all of
our companions were killed by the dark
seekers
and now we both want to go at the place
where there must be more humans
that would be the safe location with no
virus and security would be good
will smith says you must come out of
your misunderstandings
there is no such place she says
such place does exist now will smith was
locking the house as he does
anna and her son were also present there
he hears of dark seekers as he was
locking the home
they were near his house he becomes
suspicious and asks when did you bring
me
she tells him morning shall appear soon
will smith tells him that they must have
seen me while you were bringing me and
now they will kill us
they have found us will smith was ready
for this
and he had put different minds outside
his home so blast could happen as
someone enter
so that nobody could enter the home in
that moment many seekers start to die as
they put their step in
but they were huge in numbers and they
enter his home shortly
will smith shoots them with his gun they
think as
if they have killed all the mutants and
now there is no one left
they come to the same dark seeker which
was present in the lab who was much
recovered
and all the infection was gone they
thought that their treatment is working
and then many dark seekers appear in his
lab
his lab was very big and a bulletproof
mirror was present over there
will smith closes that window which was
strong enough to stop any type of bullet
which means dark seekers could not enter
the place where will was present
all the dark seekers tried to break that
window but they were unsuccessful
he tells them that look at your partner
who is getting well
i can treat you as well the boss of the
dark seekers who was much angry bumps
his head to window
and we see different cracks start to
appear and it start breaking slowly
before window breaks will smith takes
his blood sample on which he was
operating
he takes his blood sample because he
knows he has found the cure
he asks women to sit in a safe chamber
and hands over the sample to her
and says when you reach that place give
that sample to them as this was the cure
she asks will smith to come inside but
he says no as they were unstoppable
i will have to finish them he opens up a
draw
he picks up a hand grenade and opens it
up by going in between them while
running
here a big blast happens after which
will smith and all dark seekers die
this was a sad moment for all of us then
we see anna
reaches to the place where she wanted to
be
the same place where leftover humans
were present
and there was high security so that no
dark seeker could come there
she gets the security here and hands
over the blood sample to the security
there
this was the same cure which will smith
gave to anna
and will smith sacrificed his life and
saved the whole humanity
and that's why this movie was named i am
legend
indeed will smith is legend
thanks for watching like comment
subscribe don't forget to hit the bell
icon